Student Name : Hyunjin Shin
Student ID : 168043214

//Current submission : Milestone 5-1
//Current Submission : MilesTone 5-2
//Current Submission : MileStone 5-3
//Current Submission : MileStone 5-4
//Current Submission : MileStone 5-5

Citation:
So far, main.cpp Bill.h, Bill.cpp is written by Fardad Soleimanloo

Additional Work:
Milestone 5-5 doesn't have correct output
It was difficult to understand how this program should work

Reflection:
In milestone 5-1, I practiced how to read a data from a file.
and how to write a data into a file. And also I had to spend some time
to figure out the dereferencing array of pointers. At first, I didn't understand
why my overloaded extraction operator didn't work.
And I practiced sorting algorithm.

In milestone 5-2, I created dynamic Item pointer and received inputs from user,
and then after validating the item, I put the pointer into an array of Item pointer.
Once I got used to using array of a pointer, Milstone 2 was not too difficult.

In milestone 5-3, I practiced deallocating a member of an array of pointer and
to fill the empty space with other members of the array.
It was not difficult; however, Whenver I write a code for fool-proof entry,
I have a buffer problem. Handling buffer problem is very difficult since I cannot
see what is there currently in the buffer. Other than that, it was okay.

In milestone 5-4, I practiced how to access a member of base class and how to change the value.
What I had to be careful about was that after changing display type I should set it back to
POS_LIST again. Otherwise, it will not be printed when you call a listItem.
Other than that, it was okay.

In milestone 5-5, I practiced embedded class. embedded class is always confusing,
especially when I need to access a private member of the class.
The instruction was not very clear so I had to spend quite a long time to understand
how this program should work. Other than that, it was okay.

Overall for milestone 5, I practiced a lot about class and encapsulation and polymorphism
I learned a lot thanks to this project. However, I am not still confident.
This project was compartmentalized so well that I could build this program.
However, if I had to build this size of project on my own, without any instruction,
I am not very confident. However, I learned so much and I am very glad that I could practice
the basic syntax and object oriented programming through this project.







